How are you, directors?
From today onwards, we are colleagues
Me and a few other companies
It accounts for 53% of the jobs at the Sun Group
So that's it.
We are now the largest company in the Sun Group
According to board rules
The position of chairperson is going to be changed.
Hahahaha
Talk of Infinity
Our Sun family holds 51% of the group's shares.
How can you get 53% of the shares?
Don't you know, Mr. Sun?
Your granddaughter invested in 10 billion
10% of the shares in Sun Group were sold
What sorry
I let you down.
Where can there be a child with non-wet shoes who often walks by the river?
No wonder they put it together.
This time, even if it's to save lives
Sun Da beautiful woman
This reunion is negotiable
Just go to your shy face
As long as you follow me, Sun's Group will let you call the shots
What do you think?
Don't you think
Stinky bitch, don't be shameless
I've been busy for so long
Gotta charge some interest
I'm going to be your man tonight what are you doing
You let me go